# Sentiment_Analysis

# Motivation
In the last decade there has been a large growing collection of opinions on the Internet, and especially on social media. This can be quite useful for policymakers, individuals, or organizations to understand the needs and problems of societies and formulate effective strategies for addressing them. Today many individuals argue there exists a tangible disconnect of various companies, figure heads, and politicians with the general population. In particular, the younger generation seems to be particularly disconnected. This is evident when browsing social networking sites such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Reddit and reading the discussions. Quantifying this sentiment is difficult using traditional means. How does one quantify approval or disapproval from social media or news sources? Traditional polling methods or study groups can be slow, expensive, and sometimes ostracize a portion of the population. For example, calling only voters or customers with landlines can result in a poor sample of likely because some demographic groups have few landlines. Monitoring social networks represents a potential positive addition to the above methods. This method for capturing people’s opinions overcomes the low-response rate problem and other problems that can arise from polling. People that use social networks naturally express their preferences in online discussions without being exposed to direct questions. This data can be collected with machine learning through sentiment analysis. Sentiment analysis is the use of natural language processing to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study subjective information. My hope is that through deep learning sentiment analysis policymakers, individuals, or organizations can more effectively take calculated actions and create policies in line with public sentiment.
